cripto-ML-DSA (#83)
IETF-OPSAWG-WG/draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis: draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis.md

   speed or some other relevant factors. This would help reduce the
   chance of problems caused by technology advancement.

   For example, where protocols involve cryptographic keys, Protocol Designers should
   consider not only key generation and validation mechanisms but also the
   format in which private keys are stored, transmitted, and restored.
   Designers should specify any expected consistency checks
   (e.g., recomputing an expanded key from the seed) that help verify
   correctness and integrity. Additionally, guidance should be given on
   data retention, restoration limits, and cryptographic module

>    interoperability when importing/exporting private key material.  See {{?draft-ietf-lamps-dilithium-certificates}} for an example of how such considerations are incorporated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   interoperability when importing/exporting private key material. See {{?I-D.ietf-lamps-dilithium-certificates}} for an example of how such considerations are incorporated.
```
